# Question 1.1: 
Thrive Agriculture, which is based in Nigeria, is set to disrupt its target market within the next five years. The company focuses on providing investment opportunities to individuals by allowing them to invest in farmers. They then provide continuous information on the farm’s performance to the investor whilst giving technical support to the farmers.  
Thrive agriculture is offering investment opportunities into agriculture for people who would not normally have many opportunities to invest. They are turning previous non-consumers of investment products into consumers. They are creating a new market of sorts by offering a service to people on the lower end of the income spectrum who normally would not have enough liquidity to invest in farms. This form of financial inclusion opens normal individuals up to new investment products whilst growing the agricultural industry. At the same time, they are providing financial support to farmers who not have had access to funding beforehand. 
The data that they are collecting from farmers will become more valuable in the future as more developing nations look towards agriculture as a source of economic growth. The data will provide insight into yield levels for various environmental conditions thus providing opportunities to maximize the yield, providing more income for farmers and investors.  
Currently, the company is focused on small time investors providing liquidity for small farmers. However, as they keep growing, continuously improving their offerings and optimizing the data they are collecting, they can provide this service in the mainstream to experienced investors who have more capital. This will lead them to becoming competitors to incumbents like banks and investment firms. 