# Question 1.3: 
ICO stands for initial coin offering. It is a crowdfunding model used by block-chain based startups to raise funds for new cryptocurrencies or digital assets. Failure in the context of this question is taken to mean failure to raise at least 30% of the goal amount (soft cap). 
Pally is a blockchain based travel platform that aims to decentralised social travel ecosystem in the world. They only managed to raise 17%  of their goal.  The white paper contains no information about the technology that is going to be used to create and maintain the blockchain. The code for the smart contract is also not shared.  
They are quoted as saying, “Pally is facilitating a tighter community with sustainably lower prices.” However, they provide no information of how much it will cost to access the platform and how much they will be paying hosts and tour guides who participate. 
“The Pally ecosystem is encompassed by Pally Social, an iOS application.” They did not have a blockchain based prototype and were only planning to build one only after the ICO. There were no graphical presentations of their research or the target addressable market for their product. 
“Pally has also received valuable support from high profile advisors within the travel, technology and financial services spaces.” At no point do they mention further involvement of the “advisors” throughout the product lifecycle. From further investigation online, it came up that some of the advisors refused any affiliation with Pally. It is very worrying for a company that does not have much experience in the blockchain space. 
“Think AirBnB or CouchSurfing but decentralised.” They admit to offering a similar product to pre-existing large companies, with their main differentiating factor being the blockchain. However, they offer no further explanation as to why people would move from the current platforms to theirs because of blockchain. Also, the addition of a token adds an extra layer of complexity for users who are already receiving and making payments in fiat on similar platforms. 
“Through partnerships with major payment providers and our internally built exchange service, users will be able to convert fiat currency to PAL tokens from their credit cards directly within the Pally system.” There was no mention of any specific exchanges or payment providers within the document. They also did not offer any evidence that an entity had audited or trialed their built-in exchange system. Without any technical details published with the white paper, it’s hard to believe in the existence of these platforms or whether they work. 
The lack of financial and technical data would be very worrying to investors. This is further worsened by their lack of verifiable partnerships with other stakeholders in the industry. They have no clear advantage over the incumbents and their offering does not lead to a more efficient service for the consumer. All these details put together; they would not have been an ideal choice of investment for an ICO participant hence they only raised 17% of their goal. 