# Question 1.4 
Libra is an example of a proof of stake protocol. Proof of stake protocol do not consume as much electricity as proof of work. However, it does have some disadvantages coupled with the advantages. 
Libra will be run by a consortium of participants who are dispersed geographically.  The nodes will rely on a consensus algorithm known as byzantine fault tolerance (BFT). The BFT requires that all nodes within the distributed network must agree and execute the same action. A proof of stake protocol selects the next node to validate a node using a pseudo-random election process.  
Nodes wanting to participate in the process are required to lock a certain amount of coins into the network as collateral to prevent them from behaving maliciously. Libra will achieve this by requiring each of the companies and organizations that will act as nodes to provide 10 million US dollars, each. Each transaction incurs a tiny fraction of a cent fee to pay for gas that covers the cost of processing the transfer of funds. 
## Advantages 
- There is no competition between validators as the block creator is chosen based on their stake by an algorithm. This removes the need for excessive electricity use to solve difficult puzzles. 
- The only way to add a malicious block is by owning 51% of the cryptocurrency in the network hence it would be hard for Facebook or any other intent to hijack the network. 
- Libra is a permission blockchain with a known number of validators hence it will be their will higher throughput and lower latency, transaction-wise 
## Disadvantages 
- Due to the high cost of entry to be a validator, the position will be occupied by a few large organizations who can afford it 
- The smaller number of validators makes it easier to predict who the next validator is and collude to steal funds without the rest of the community knowing about it. 
- The lack of the electricity premium might open up the network to other forms of attack that were previously not possible on a proof of work based network. 